feat: price history, bulk import, Apple section, category icons

Four features that were built while the PC was offline and are landing
together because they share files. 647 tests, 0 skipped.

--- PRICE HISTORY -------------------------------------------------------

`parts` carried p25 / median / p75 as a snapshot that every RefreshPartStats
run overwrote. Yesterday's number was gone the moment today's was written,
which meant the one question both sides of every trade actually ask — is
this going up or down? — had no answer, and no way to backfill one later.
This is the only item on the list that could not be caught up afterwards:
every day it did not exist is a day of data that no longer exists either.

  - part_price_points: one row per part per day. `captured_on` is a DATE,
    not a timestamp, with a unique index on (part_id, captured_on), so a
    second run on the same day updates rather than duplicates.
  - RefreshPartStats appends the capture AFTER its clearing pass, in one
    INSERT … ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE using CURRENT_DATE — the database
    clock, so it is unaffected by $this->travel() in tests.
  - Part::priceTrend() refuses to draw below 4 points or 14 days of span
    and calls anything inside 3% flat. A sparkline from two points a day
    apart is not information, it is a shape.
  - Rendered on the model page under the band (which is the question the
    band provokes) and on /kolko-struva for the seller, where "falling 8%
    a month" answers whether to sell this week — the decision they came
    for, and one the band alone cannot answer.

--- BULK IMPORT ---------------------------------------------------------

The wizard is the right tool for one listing and the wrong one for three
hundred. Supply is the only thing standing between this site and being
useful, so the cost of the first few hundred listings is the cost of the
project starting.

`php artisan listings:import file.csv --user=… [--dry-run] [--update]`

  - external_ref with a PARTIAL unique index on (user_id, external_ref)
    WHERE external_ref IS NOT NULL AND deleted_at IS NULL. A shop re-runs
    the same file and updates instead of duplicating; two shops may use
    the same internal SKU; a deleted listing does not block re-import.
  - Delimiter sniffed from the header, because an operator who has to know
    which one their spreadsheet chose will get it wrong once and lose an
    evening. UTF-8 BOM stripped — otherwise it becomes part of the first
    header's NAME and `ref` silently does not exist.
  - `|` separates values inside a cell. Not `,` (the decimal separator
    here) and not `;` (the delimiter).
  - No fuzzy catalogue matching, no publishing without a photograph, no
    silently ignored column. An import runs unattended over hundreds of
    rows and every one of those failures is invisible on the resulting
    pages, which is exactly why they are refusals rather than guesses.

--- APPLE SECTION -------------------------------------------------------

iphone / ipad / macbook, and /apple as a brand-level door in front of
them — the only surface that can answer „apple втора употреба", which no
individual listing and no single model page ever will.

The decision worth keeping: WHAT IS SOLDERED BELONGS TO THE MODEL. Storage
and RAM sit on the catalogue row, not the listing, because on Apple
hardware the configuration IS the product — a 128GB and a 1TB iPhone 13
Pro sharing one median would give a useless number to both sides of every
trade. What wears out belongs to the unit: battery health, iCloud status,
MDM enrolment. 217 configurations seeded (81 iPhone / 76 iPad / 60 MacBook).

`required` on a listing-scoped spec is enforced nowhere — the wizard
validates the scalar fields and leaves the spec blob alone — so what
actually makes a seller answer is the checklist turning a blank into
„без отговор". Every Apple-specific risk has a checklist line behind it,
and the tests assert the line rather than the flag, because the flag is
decorative.

KNOWN AND DELIBERATE, for now: iCloud status is optional on all three
categories. A device locked to someone else's Apple ID is a brick that no
service, carrier or Apple Store unlocks without the original receipt, and
it is the most expensive mistake a buyer can make here. Today the wizard
warns rather than requires.

--- CYRILLIC SEARCH (a real bug, found by the Apple tests) ---------------

A bare Cyrillic query found nothing. „макбук", „айпад", „ртх" — `model` is
stored in Latin and trigram similarity cannot bridge scripts, so
„макбук еър" and "MacBook Air" share not one character: word_similarity
scores them at zero and ILIKE finds nothing. Cyrillic search only ever
worked where a seeder had hand-written that exact alias, which covered
„айфон 13 про" and very little else.

Cyrillic::toLatin() already existed — it is array_flip of the same table
the seeders use, so the two directions cannot drift — but queryVariants()
never called it. Now a Cyrillic query folds to Latin and matches the model
column directly. This fixes far more than the Apple lines.

--- CATEGORY ICONS ------------------------------------------------------

19 monoline SVGs in one Blade partial keyed by category, on the same 24px
grid and stroke as the header's theme toggle.

THIS REVERSES A DECISION. The home grid carried three-letter mono badges
(GPU, CPU, RAM) on the argument that those are what this audience already
calls these things. The head of the list was never the problem; the tail
was — ATX for a case, MSE for a mouse, AUD for a headset are guesses, not
names anyone uses — and the Apple lines brought in a buyer who does not
read spec sheets and for whom PHN / TAB / MAC say nothing at all.

SVG rather than the generated PNG sheet because these render at 40px: a
raster icon is soft there, cannot inherit currentColor — so it neither
inverts with the theme nor flips to accent-ink on hover, the way the badge
behind it does — and needs a light and a dark copy of every file. The PNG
sheet is the right asset at 64px and up.

Three to five strokes each. The reference sheet draws motherboard
capacitors and individual keyboard keys, which is correct at illustration
size and grey mush at forty pixels, so the keyboard draws rows.

Unknown categories fall through to the „other" box, so a category added to
config/catalog.php renders an icon the day it is added and before anybody
draws for it.

--- STILL OPEN ----------------------------------------------------------

  - `required` is decorative on listing-scoped specs. monitor.dead_pixels,
    prebuilt.cpu_model and prebuilt.gpu_model are marked required and
    nothing enforces them. Enforce it or drop the flag; right now it reads
    as a guarantee that is not one.
  - parts.search_vector and listings.search_vector are tsvector columns
    with GIN indexes that nothing populates. Search runs on pg_trgm
    instead. Decide whether they are the plan or the leftovers.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 <noreply@anthropic.com>
Claude-Session: https://claude.ai/code/session_01NqnVJrQTxeQTaHU7nqGDyg
